\[Entry\]

First time I heard about $DONUT was back in April-May 2021. I was looking for a good source of information regarding crypto and somehow I first ended in r/ethtrader and I even registered my previous wallet back in those days. However, I was a noob and still knew shit about crypto and the paying ETH fees process to claim DONUTs back then and also that I fall in r/cc that had an smoother distribution made me abandon this sub and stay there for a long time until I decided to come back before Reddit sunset (if I don't remember wrong) and quite fell in love with this community back then. This is basically how I learned and how DONUT made me stay here after some years travelling xD

Now lets deep dive into DONUT good things and bad things. DONUT is one and if I don't remember wrong the first Reddit real community token however I think that separating from Reddit even though it gained independence and decentralization was a mistake in price and adoption terms for now. However I believe that a lot of good things are about to come like an audit that will help a lot to promote and convince DEX and CEX to list it and probably a lot more things we still don't know. What I want to say is that DONUT even thought it has 6 years feels like it has been in a freezer for some time but things are changing.

I think the current bigger issue right now is the "inflation" of DONUT which is not much but can be seen as negative for some investors and institutions. This is why having more burning mechanisms would be a great idea. With burning I am also referring to collecting DONUTs and reduce the amount of printed DONUT every year like with the special membership. Not real burn but "similar".

I believe that DONUT community and mod team should also focus on creating some sort of methodology/initiative to attract and encourage developers to create games that are DONUT related and even use DONUT tokens, some sort of exchange to buy/sell RCAs with DONUT, etc. 

Another thing I would love to see is more marketing regarding DONUT on social media like Twitter or other platforms. For example I believe that having an official account (DONUT Foundation) to share insights of the projects, maybe even gov polls and coming things for DONUT in a more official way would be helpful. Then also increasing activity in EthTraderMods twitter account sharing things like best posts of the month, etc would be cool too.

It would be also cool to have some sort of DONUT reward system related to activity made in the sub for newcomers. Not sure how to do this but maybe could be done using Reddit community trophies as a tool to detect that. For example if you unlock Picasso you earn 10 DONUT. This could bring users but also alt accounts so this should be thought a lot but just brainstorming.

https://preview.redd.it/61pobufk3ree1.png?width=1077&format=png&auto=webp&s=4d06b633a7069bf26c03a493525cb2de2584f620

Sorry for the text wall xD

🍩 !tip 1