I could have also been perma-banned because I tip every thing that engages me including the tldring stingy coin-feeds-bot that never tips back.

More than 50% of sub-members could have been wiped out if they had more spare time on their hands.

What's my point here? The tipping activity could not have been coordinated as suspected.

Everybody went with the flow and time permissions and I don't think anyone was at any point bothered about who tipped them the most or was receiving most of their tips. Not even me.

It was all vibes and nothing more. Time and camaraderie. u/Downtown_yam9137 got most of my tips in the past couple of weeks even when he was holding just 4k donuts with an unattractive weight of 0.4 or something (Don't know how the math works). I still tipped him because he was actively engaging.

I hate that I was used as a chief example of non-suspected users because there was a thin non-conscious line between both divides and I could have easily ended up among the flagged users.

A warning would have sufficed instead of the purge. u/Every_Hunt_160 and his airdrop guides did extreme good to the sub and helped onboard many.

I used to be on u/Fredzoor blocklist before T2V because he wrongly suspected I was an alt. He unblocked me after T2V went live and we've been vibing ever since. Bro hated cheaters and was suspicious of other people's activity. I find it hard to unbelievable that he is now labelled as a cheater.  u/Lordciders never treated me as a leper when I had an ugly weight after T2V went live. So did u/Master-score7344 and Major-remove-7190. All great people.

u/Rikbona was generous to everyone and even gave me the avatar I currently use while u/Sky-876 has been relentless at onboarding newbies with his newbie-guide posts. His advocacy for newbie-friendly policies is worthy of mention.

u/Kig45 and u/Honey_-_Badger could never hurt a fly or engage in bad acting. The former was very noble and the latter wasn't even big on making posts, bro just comments most of the time. How are they cheaters? u/Falk_lhoste is barely ever active and all u/Narrow-professor-126 ever wanted was to shill his SHIB bag with SHIB posts.

A warning stating the suspicions would have sufficed, not a purge that could have taken everyones head. These are valuable sub-members who were just themselves and nothing else. Please review !mods

!tip 1