
First of all, thanks for acknowledging the work I put into handling the business and marketing for the ecosystem. even though it’s extremely exhausting, I do it because it’s what I love. some days I spend up to 9 hours working to support this ecosystem. Whether it's organizing AMAs, supporting the developers (which, by the way, is a responsibility of this role), handling business calls, my goal is to make this space better for everyone. Sometimes I spend hours straight in voice calls with people from different protocols / companies. Of course most people don’t know about this, because it’s not something I think it’s worth sharing. Also, you see the current banner at the top of the sub? I designed it.

Maybe you can see what we’re doing, by checking my monthly reports here. They detail the several initiatives I've been a part of, as well as the developers. and while not everyone may appreciate these efforts, I am committed to DONUT and its growth.

Regarding the "elite" label, it's really just a buzzword and a conspiracy theory. Come on, you guys can do better than that. I'm aware of where that idea comes from anyway.

Also it's important to note that sub rules apply to everyone, including me. I’m just a user here, just like you or anyone else. Not better, not worse. I've had posts removed for being against the rules. But they were so few, and you know why? I make sure to use the search bar to avoid duplicated threads. I’ve also had posts, that I spent hours working on, removed for being off topic. Do you see me complaining about it in the Daily thread?

The notion that I'm treated differently isn't accurate. Maybe it's because I'm deeply invested in this ecosystem, holding millions of donuts, providing liquidity, writing governance proposals, and handling PR for the ecosystem. Have you ever considered that?

Instead of engaging in brigades or inflammatory behavior, you could try contributing positively. Anyone can do what I do, why don’t you give it a try? You could even be better than me at it! The DAO rewards those who work for the ecosystem, so why not give it a shot?

As for the comment about donuts being a dead token and the sub being dead, if that's truly the case, why are you here? Instead of focusing on negativity, why not adopt a more positive approach? There’s always potential for growth and improvement, and a positive attitude can make a huge difference.

!tip 10